[Gunshot]
[Footsteps]
[Coughs]
[Grunts]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Good morning.
- Hey.
I'm surprised you're up,
given how late you got
in from L.A. last night.
Oh. Mm.
Well, I thought we could
play a little catch up
before you got off to work.
Oh!
Beckett: I'm all ears.
Thanks.
Careful.
I made it a little strong this morning.
Okay.
Mm!
[Laughs] Yes, that will wake the dead.
Certainly make your job a lot easier.
[Sighs] One interview,
"He's the guy who killed me,"
case closed.
Castle, I'm guessing that you found out
something about your missing time,
and that's what you want
to catch up with me on.
Uh... Uh, yeah.
Actually, yeah, I did. Um...
But I was thinking how
about we eat first?
Oh.
Wow. That bad?
[Door opens] Martha: Knock-knock.
Are you decent?
[Door closes] Mother!
Oh.
Welcome home, darling.
Oh, what a pleasant surprise.
You know, you... you could've...
could've called first.
I didn't want to disturb you
in case you wanted to sleep in.
- Ah.
- Oh, darling.
I thought I would just sneak in
and make my boy a little breakfast.
- Oh.
- Oh, well, phooey.
You beat me to it.
- Yeah, I... Well...
- You expecting someone?
Oh, just old habit.
So, uh, did you really come
just to make me breakfast?
Because that does not sound like you.
Oh, pishposh.
Actually,
I just got an advanced copy of my book
that I wanted you to see.
Unsolicited Advice by Martha Rodgers.
Mother, I'm so proud of you! [Laughs]
Oh, thank you. Read the dedication.
"For Richard.
Without your constant stumbles in life,
the advice in this book would
not have been possible."
Constant stumbles?
Let's not make this about you.
It... [Cellphone rings]
One second.
[Sighs]
Hey, where are you?
Beckett: Hallway.
I, uh, snuck out through the bedroom.
That would be the height of irony, huh?
[Chuckles]
Manage to successfully hide
our relationship from LokSat
only to get outed by your mom.
Look,
do you want me to sneak back at lunch
so we can talk about what you found?
No, no. Okay. [Stammers]
I... I'll see you tonight.
Okay. [Line beeps]
Listen, I got to go.
[Whispering] I love you.
Bye.
So, I just wanted to say...
This is Beckett.
All right, guys. What do we got?
Esposito: Right now,
our victim is a John Doe.
There's no phone or I.D. on the victim,
but we scanned his prints
and we're running them now.
From the blood trail,
looks like he was shot
around the corner and collapsed here.
Okay, I'm still not sure
why you needed the captain to come down.
Our victim was shot in the back.
He bled out within a few minutes,
then the killer took
the time and the risk
to cut out the bullet.
Obviously, our killer was worried
that ballistics would lead back to him.
[Camera shutter clicks]
Which means the gun's
already in the system.
Do you have a time of death?
Between 9:00 and midnight.
Ryan:
Got a hit on the fingerprint match.
Our victim's name is Daniel Bardot.
He's a Recruit Officer
at the NYPD Academy.
He's one of us.
Esposito: We got Bardot's phone records.
Unfortunately,
the GPS was turned off on his cell.
We still don't know what he
was doing in that neighborhood.
What about calls?
Last call he made was at 5:30
to a law firm in midtown.
It only lasted a minute.
Vikram's checking it out.
My granny's stronger than all
three of you guys combined!
- Bad flashbacks, bro?
- You got to want it!
Pushups were the answer to everything
around this place.
Police work is more than
just strength and endurance.
It's about intellectual rigor.
Oh, come on, you guys.
It wasn't all that bad here.
Says the Academy All-Star.
Oh, look. Recruit Officer Beckett.
Oh! Recruit Officer Beckett.
Ah. [Clicks tongue]
Recruit Officer Beckett.
I'm gonna go download with
the Academy Commissioner.
You guys head over to
Bardot's dorm room.
There's got to be a clue
here as to who his killer is.
[Knock on door]
Hi, Deputy Commissioner Malone.
I'm Captain Kate Beckett.
Captain, nice to finally meet you.
You're a bit of a legend
around these parts.
Recruits have been
gunning for your records
since I got here five years ago.
So far, no one's gotten close.
Yeah, well, they will.
Every record falls in the end.
Here's Bardot's file.
I've assigned his instructor,
Sergeant Ortiz,
to be your liaison.
You know Sergeant Ortiz?
Yeah, I do.
He was my instructor when I was here.
His tough love is the reason
my name's on all of
those plaques out there.
[Knock on door] Come in, Sergeant.
Thank you, sir.
Captain Beckett.
It's so good to see you, Sergeant.
So, what can you tell
me about Daniel Bardot?
[Clears throat] Malone:
He was an admirable kid.
Got a rough start in life.
His parents were killed in
a robbery when he was nine.
Not surprising when you
grow up in Hunts Point.
The Irish Mafia's backyard.
There's not a lot of good cops
coming out of that dirty furnace.
Don't have to tell me.
I went toe-to-toe
with that 'hood "Lucky Jack" Flanagan
long before I was teaching you.
Never could make a
charge stick on that guy.
Bardot must have had a lot of fortitude
to make it all the way over here.
He was definitely driven.
But he also had a tendency
to let emotion get the best of him.
He'd rush into situations
without thinking,
and it had gotten worse
in the last few days.
What do you mean?
He kept fumbling
a tactical drill he usually aced,
so I pulled him aside
and confronted him.
He said he'd screwed something
up in his personal life.
He didn't know what to do.
I told him to cowboy up, set it right.
And now I'm thinking he
died trying to do just that.
Hayley: You didn't tell Kate
what happened in Los Angeles?
- You chickened out.
- I did not chicken out, all right?
I was interrupted.
Now I'm wondering whether it
was a sign from the universe.
What?
The universe sent your
mother to tell you what?
To take my own advice. [Tablet beeps]
I am erasing our mind for a reason...
- To protect Kate.
- Okay.
[Tablet beeps] Enough.
Go and talk to your wife.
If I hadn't wiped my memory,
Beckett's friends at the A.G.'s
office might still be alive.
What if she can't forgive me?
That decision's not yours to make, Rick.
[Door opens]
[Light switch clicks]
What? Bardot's room is huge
compared to the one I lived in.
Thing was barely a closet.
Yeah, I never really bunked on campus.
I got enough of communal
living when I was in the army.
And besides, you can't really bring
a ménage of cop groupies
home to a dorm room.
What are you doing in here?
We're investigating a homicide.
Who are you?
Recruit Officer Rachel Decker.
Did you know Daniel Bardot?
Yes, sir. He was in my training company.
You know what he was doing last night?
No, sir. We invited him to go
out with us, but he begged off.
Sir, if there's any way I can
help with this investigation,
I want in.
You forget your place, Decker?
You're not even a lowly uniform.
What could you possibly offer
these distinguished detectives?
Insight.
Did you train alongside Officer Bardot?
Yes, ma'am.
So you forged a bond with him
against the evil Sergeant Ortiz,
which means you have
information on Bardot
that his higher-ups do not.
Is that correct, recruit?
Yes.
So then tell me,
what was he struggling with?
What did he need to set right?
I don't know.
Sorry.
Way to face-plant in front
of a superior, Decker.
This is Captain Beckett.
Captain, I...
You're dismissed, recruit.
That was a little harsh,
don't you think?
I do not.
Being put in her place is
exactly what Decker needs.
She's the real deal.
Her name could very well
be on all your trophies
by the time she's done here.
But she desperately needs
to learn a little humility.
[Cellphone rings] Mm.
[Cellphone beeps]
Lanie, you find anything in the autopsy?
I did.
The bullet broke up when it hit a rib.
Bardot's killer didn't
get all the pieces.
I managed to pull a small
fragment from a kidney.
I got a ballistics match.
The 9mm that fired it
is in the database.
Kate, it's NYPD...
registered to the Academy.
The murder weapon is missing
from the weapons cage
assigned to Bardot's company,
Company 38.
Lock on the CCTV security
closet was jimmied open.
Someone killed the security
cameras in the weapons room
between 7:30 and 7:35 last night.
At that hour, it's mainly recruits
who are left in the building.
All faculty resides off-campus.
And only members of Company 38
have access to that weapons cage.
So our killer is one of
Bardot's fellow recruits.
14 suspects
who eat, drink, and sleep police
training and techniques...
Captain on deck!
Who have spent months learning
how we catch killers...
which makes them uniquely
equipped to plan a murder.
So we are gonna have to
use every trick in the book
to uncover who killed Daniel Bardot.
S08E15
Fidelis Ad Mortem
sync and corrected by ninh
www.addic7ed.com
At ease, officers. Take a seat.
Ortiz: Company 38,
this is Captain Beckett
of the 12th Precinct.
Because of last night's tragic event,
she will be joining us today
as a special guest instructor.
Respect her,
or your ass will meet my boot.
Thank you, Sergeant.
First of all, let me assure you
that I have the  best NYPD detectives
looking into Officer Bardot's murder.
That being said,
this is not going to be the last time
that you lose one of your coworkers.
That is a reality of this job.
The temptation
is going to be to remain stoic
in the face of adversity,
to lock up your emotions
so as not to appear weak.
That is a mistake.
Avoid that temptation at all costs.
Trust me.
I have been at the edge of that map,
and monsters lie there.
Now look around.
This is your team.
No one is gonna understand
what you are feeling
better than the woman or
man sitting next to you,
so use them.
Officer Chambers.
I'm very sorry about the
loss of your fellow recruit.
How do you feel?
The city lost a great cop, ma'am.
We should all aspire
to be a guardian of justice like he was.
Is that a PR statement for the  Post?
One of your brothers was gunned down.
I asked you how you felt.
We feel pissed off, Captain.
Yeah, set us loose.
Let us track down the son
of a bitch who did this.
Beckett: Well, Officer Decker
already volunteered her services
for that very role.
The offer still stands, Captain.
And frankly, I didn't become a cop
to get in touch with my feelings.
I'm here because bad
people exist in the world.
And I can't wait to start
putting them in prison
where they belong.
All right.
Get ready for a training session.
I just checked the front gate log.
10 of the recruits were off-campus
at the time of Bardot's murder.
All right. Well, these three
all have the same hand stamp.
The club across the street
had a sign from last
night offering karaoke.
So I'm gonna have my detectives
run these photos over there,
but I'm guessing
they're gonna alibi out.
Leaving these seven. Mm-hmm.
You know, if word gets out
that these recruits are suspects,
it'll haunt their careers.
Even if proved innocent.
Well, then we need to
keep it to a tight circle.
So what's the next move?
Well, I think it's a safe bet
that if one of these
seven killed Bardot,
it was their first murder.
And unless they're a
complete psychopath...
Which the psych eval
would have revealed...
Then they spent a long,
dark night of the soul,
reliving the recoil of the gun
and the knife cutting into Bardot's body
to get that bullet out.
Meaning what?
Meaning they're on a razor's edge.
And I want to put them in
a high-stress simulation
and watch them shoot a gun.
Man: Lopez, Takata, you're up.
[Buzzer sounds]
There. That pause. What is that?
Hate to break it to you,
but that's normal for Takata.
Guy's got a hitch in his
giddy-up I cannot cure.
Decker, Chambers, you're up.
[Buzzer sounds]
[Hydraulics hiss]
[Paintball gun fires]
What about Decker?
The other recruits
don't seem to like her.
Every recruit's got a
problem with Decker.
She's ultra-focused,
competitive as hell,
and walled off from everyone.
Kind of like you were.
[Buzzer sounds]
Hey, wait a second.
Bardot's tactical gear,
we didn't find it in his dorm room.
No, we put lockers in so
they could keep it here.
- And which locker is Bardot's?
- Seven.
Ortiz: Am I witnessing
one of Kate Beckett's famous hunches?
The lab couldn't pull any
prints off that blue index card.
Got our handwriting expert
comparing against samples
from the other suspects,
but he's not optimistic
given the block letters.
- Is that Beckett?
- Yeah.
Let me holler at her. Beckett.
Hey, you remember that
phone call that Bardot made
to that midtown law
firm on the day he died?
Yeah, I went over there.
Only nobody remembers the call.
So without more to go on,
it looks like a dead end.
Yeah, I'll keep you posted.
[Telephone rings]
Beckett's not here.
She's at the Police Academy
working a high-profile murder.
One of the recruit officers was killed.
That's a little close to home.
These the suspects?
Yeah, and three more
recruits just alibi'd out.
Your victim was killed
by a fellow recruit?
Appears so.
And word is these four
were watching the fights
at a local boxing gym at
the time of the murder,
but that alibi's soft.
Hey, just spoke with Liz from Vice.
The boxing gym is a notorious hotspot
for illegal steroids.
Rumor has it that one of the trainers
was dealing to a cop at the Academy.
So the victim, Bardot,
stumbled onto a dirty cop.
Well,
that would explain the threatening note.
"Dead men tell no tales."
But Bardot wouldn't back down,
- so the cop kills him.
- Mm.
What was the name of the
trainer that was dealing?
Arthur Stinson,
today's not your lucky day.
[Door closes]
It's actually the complete
opposite of your lucky day.
Stinson: Look, man. I don't know
what people been telling you,
but I don't sell drugs.
Oh, really?
'Cause that's exactly what
they've been telling us.
And the stash that we found
hidden in the false bottom
of your locker confirms it.
So, here's the deal.
We say nice things
about you to the D.A.,
maybe get you a suspended sentence
if you give up that cop
you've been dealing to
at the Academy.
But I can't.
Well, I guess we're done here, then.
Say hi to the jury for us.
I-I can't because we've never met.
All right? Look. [Sighs]
The cop puts cash in the locker.
I pick it up, I leave the drugs.
That's it.
So how do you know
that you're dealing to a police officer?
The buyer only arranges pickups
on "Police Appreciation" nights.
The NYPD doesn't pay a cover,
the gym's crawling with cops.
How's the buyer contact you?
They shove an index card in my locker.
Note says when they want delivery.
Hold on. A blue index card?
Yeah.
I think I know how Beckett
can smoke out our killer.
The thing about
interviewing a suspect is
you have to find what works for you...
Your own personal style.
Now, some people like good cop/bad cop.
Others like bad cop/worse cop.
But choosing just one
method is a mistake.
Every suspect is different.
And sometimes you don't know
how you're gonna go at them
until they start talking
because you only get one
shot in interrogation,
and if you screw it up,
a killer might walk free.
So, I want to try something.
I need a volunteer.
Yeah, Lopez.
Right over here.
Ms. Lopez, thank you for coming in.
Anything I can do to help the NYPD.
Uh, so a crime was committed last night,
and your name was mentioned.
I was wondering if you could
tell me where you were.
Sure. I went to the fights
over at Harry's Gym.
Mm-hmm.
You go alone?
No. Takata, Chambers,
Decker, we all went.
You have anything to drink?
Yeah, we had a few drinks.
How many?
I don't remember.
What's in the bag?
Why?
I don't know. You put it on the table.
It m-must mean something.
Decker, take her place.
Was Ms. Lopez telling the truth?
Were you out last night?
Yeah.
And were the four of you
out together all night?
Don't look at them. Look at me.
Were the four of you together
all night watching the fight?
No.
Uh, Lopez and Takata left early.
Chambers was still there when I left,
which was right before the last fight.
[Bag unzips]
Do you know what a PED is?
Yeah. It's a performance enhancing drug.
Chambers, take Decker's place.
- Chambers!
Where you running to, recruit?
You don't want to miss the
rest of the Captain's lecture,
do you?
Turn over. [Grunts]
- Ready to earn some extra credit?
- I want a lawyer.
Yeah, well, you better get a good one.
[Folder thuds] Juries
don't like cop killers.
Wait. You think I popped Bardot?
We found a stack of identical cards
in your dorm room desk.
- Lawyer.
- You sent that to Bardot
because he found out that
you were dealing drugs.
Lawyer!
Fine.
You want in on a bet?
On what?
On you.
You're not cooperating,
so I'm taking protective
custody off the table,
and a bunch of us are wagering
on how long you're gonna last
once the inmates find
out that you're a cop.
I'm guessing under 12 hours,
and I'm feeling real lucky right now.
Wait.
Can I make a deal?
Depends.
Start talking.
Look, the fights, they didn't let out
until after Bardot was murdered.
Witnesses can verify I was there.
So why did you threaten him?
Bardot caught me with my stash
the morning he was killed.
I sent the note
hoping to keep him from ratting me out,
only Bardot wasn't intimidated.
But he offered a deal...
Five grand for his silence.
Apparently he was desperate for cash,
so I paid up.
He flagged a cab to the city.
And why did he need
the money so urgently?
Beats me.
Nah, you're gonna have
to do better than that.
I don't know!
But if anyone does,
it'd be his girlfriend.
Okay. Does this girlfriend have a name?
Recruit Officer Decker.
[Grunting]
[Panting]
I used to come here between classes,
too.
I always enjoyed the extra practice.
Except,
a mannequin doesn't resist arrest.
I got it, Captain. Thanks.
Show me.
- Can I make a suggestion?
- Captain, okay, I got it.
Shut up and listen, recruit.
You might actually learn something.
Come on. Turn around.
[Sighs]
Now, the fact that you're
a woman is an advantage,
especially over men.
We have a lower center of gravity,
so use it.
Drop into your hips
and then pull him past
the tipping point.
Got it? Okay.
Once the chest goes through,
the rest will follow.
Try it?
All right.
[Grunts]
Good. You're a quick study.
Thanks, Captain.
Esposito: We got the murder weapon.
A dumpster diver found it
buried in a bag of garbage.
The gun was wiped clean,
but not the rounds in the magazine.
Check this out.
The prints are a match to Bardot's.
If Bardot loaded it,
then he had to have been the one
who stole it from the Academy.
So he was shot with his own gun?
Question is,
what was he doing with it
out there in the first place?
The Academy is a stressful place.
Plenty of pressures here.
Especially since one mistake
can put a stink on an entire cop career.
Like, uh, getting caught
fraternizing with another recruit.
[Sighs]
Are you gonna have me booted?
[Breathes deeply]
No.
But I-I need you to be on the
up-and-up with me from now on.
Of course.
Anything you want to know.
Officer Bardot leveraged
Chambers for five grand.
Apparently he needed
that money urgently.
Do you know why?
No. No clue.
I swear.
Look, the truth is,
Danny was hiding something from me.
He'd been going out at
night the last few nights,
which was really unlike him.
He'd slip into my room late.
Said he'd been out for a midnight jog,
but, I mean, I knew that was total BS
because when he came in,
he wasn't tired, he wasn't sweaty.
Just always smelled like rotten fish.
Really?
Yeah. It was weird.
I asked him about it.
He said he accidently stepped
in garbage on his run.
But if that was the case, then...
Why did he smell like
rotten fish every night?
[Elevator dings]
- Sweet and pungent shrimp?
- Where from?
Chinatown, across the street
from the back-alley computer repair shop
where Bardot was dropped
with five grand burning
a hole in his pocket.
What was he doing there?
Owner refused to talk when
I showed her his photo.
So I looked into her.
Word is she deals
in black market software and hardware.
Bardot may have bought
something from her.
I wonder why.
Let's get Bardot's laptop to Vikram,
have him run a deeper search.
- All right.
- Esposito: Yo!
Decker's tip on Bardot's shoes paid off.
The lab identified
wild Scottish salmon
scales on the soles.
And only three fish markets
import wild Scottish salmon.
That's the same neighborhood
as the crime scene.
And apparently,
Bardot went there on consecutive nights.
We'll canvass the fish market,
see if we can figure
out what he was up to.
Okay.
[Knock on door]
You were right.
I uncovered the real reason
I had my memories erased,
and it's bad.
I knew about LokSat a
year and a half ago...
before your A.G. team was murdered,
before Vikram sought you out
and the hit squads came gunning.
Beckett,
this was on me before it was on you.
You knew about LokSat?
Everything?
Including their connection to Bracken?
And you chose to forget this?
Why?
For reasons you know all to well.
I was trying to protect you.
From who?
From yourself.
[Door opens]
Hey, Captain.
Uh, we found something you need to see.
I'll be right there.
[Door closes]
I need time to process this.
[Door opens]
What is it?
Ryan: Well,
we found street-cam footage of Bardot
before he was killed.
This is Bardot an hour
before he was murdered
walking past the fish market,
which is right across the alley
from a lingerie wholesaler.
It is a known front for Jack Flanagan,
A.K.A. Lucky Jack.
He's the Mafia boss
who runs Hunts Point.
Bardot grew up in Hunts Point.
Esposito: Check this out.
The law firm that Bardot contacted,
they represent Jack Flanagan.
Bardot was communicating
to Flanagan through a third party
so it couldn't be traced.
And it gets better. Show her.
Our victim was in league
with the Irish Mafia.
Flanagan must have planted
Bardot in the NYPD as his mole.
For all we know,
he's been grooming Bardot
since he was a kid in
the old neighborhood.
What I don't get is if Bardot
was working for Flanagan,
why did Bardot bring
a gun to the meeting?
Protection.
Ortiz said that Bardot
was looking ' to set something right.
He had second thoughts about
being a mole for Flanagan.
And then Flanagan killed him for it.
Castle: I was trying to protect you.
Beckett:  From who?
From yourself.
Ryan: Bardot's computer.
Vikram found a hidden folder
that contains every NYPD file
of Flanagan and his crew.
Surveillance photos, wire taps, C.I.s...
Everything that Flanagan would need
to stay one step ahead of the police.
But how did Bardot hack into
the NYPD's secure network?
It's hardwired into select
department computers.
Including the computer
in Commissioner Malone's
office at the Academy.
Bardot must have snuck
into Malone's office,
used a portable password cracker on it.
That's what he got at the black market
with the five grand he
squeezed out of Chambers.
Flanagan used Bardot to get these files.
After he got them,
he turned on his own mole.
Bardot must have seen
the double-cross coming.
He pulled his gun, they fought,
Flanagan got the upper hand,
then he shot Bardot in the back.
All right. Let's dig into Flanagan.
See if we can corroborate this.
- You want us to pick him up?
- Nope. Not yet.
I'm gonna have a
sit-down with Lucky Jack,
see if I can rattle his cage.
So you deny that Bardot supplied you
with confidential NYPD files?
Absolutely, with prejudice.
That kid came in here
looking for a job as
a lingerie salesman.
Bardot was working for you...
and I'm gonna prove that you killed him.
20 years.
20 years you guys have
been coming in here
with all these accusations against ol'
Lucky Jack.
Your problem is that none of you
ever follow it up with the proof.
So, unless you're here
to buy a pair of crotchless panties
for that special someone in your life,
I suggest you grab your
hat and your books,
and you get the hell out of my store.
See, that's how I know
I'm gonna take you down.
It's the cocky ones
that are the easiest.
You're so busy being clever,
you don't see the matchstick
falling out of your pocket.
Well, I'm gonna find that matchstick,
and then I'm gonna burn you with it.
[Laughs]
[Door opens]
[Door closes]
Hey.
How did we end up here again?
You lie to protect me,
I lie to protect you.
[Sighs]
I'm not gonna yell..
Or throw around blame.
[Liquid pours]
You know, the novelist George Sand...
Who was a woman, by the way...
Once wrote "Lying,
like license, has its... "
Castle, can you do me a favor?
Anything.
Stop talking.
[Exhales]
So, if we're not talking,
what are we doing?
[Liquid pours]
Esposito: Captain.
Captain,
looks like Jack Flanagan's reach
goes deeper inside the
Academy than just Bardot.
What are you talking about?
Well, one of the recruits went
to college on a scholarship
awarded by a trust created
by Flanagan's law firm.
Now, that scholarship was
financed by Flanagan himself.
So Flanagan has a second
mole in the police academy?
Who?
I am not his mole, okay?
Neither was Danny!
We found the police files that he hacked
and then handed over to Flanagan.
Oh, no.
No, no, no.
Danny must have made a
deal in order to save me.
Save you from what?
The man that knocked up my mother.
You're Flanagan's daughter.
A one-night stand does
not make him a parent.
It makes him a donor.
You took his blood money.
He and my mother had an arrangement...
Staying quiet on my paternity
in exchange for monthly payouts to her
and a college fund for me.
But that was it.
Then why did Bardot need to save you?
A few weeks ago,
Flanagan found out that
I joined the Academy.
He demanded that I be his
inside woman... his mole.
Threatened to "out"
me as his daughter if I didn't.
Ruin my entire career
before it even began.
'Cause no cop will ever
trust Lucky Jack's kid.
I panicked.
I ended up opening up to Danny.
He was the one that
talked me off the ledge,
told me that Flanagan was bluffing.
I had no idea that he was
gonna offer himself up in my place.
[Sighs]
What do I do, Captain?
[Chair scrapes lightly]
There is only one move
that you can make.
Do you want to arrest Bardot's killer?
Bring down Flanagan...
Something the NYPD
hasn't done for 20 years?
You're the one person
Flanagan might open up to.
You need to wear a wire.
All right, you get into trouble,
what are you gonna say?
- Decker.
- What?
Panic phrase.
Oh, um...
"I could really use a drink right now.
- Do you have any Scotch?"
- Exactly.
You say that, we're gonna rush in.
You're gonna be fine.
Okay.
You really think she's ready for this,
Captain?
Not everybody's as strong as you.
I'd be damned if Flanagan makes her.
He won't hesitate to put
a bullet in her skull.
She can handle this.
Come on. Come on. You got it.
The prodigal daughter returns.
Well...
you know,
I am a bit surprised to see you,
considering the last time we spoke,
I think you told me to screw myself,
right?
Why am I blessed with your presence
on this day, huh?
Come on. Speak up, child.
You got it. Nice and slow.
Speak.
Decker: You know,
it didn't have to play out this way.
It was one thing to
ask me to be your rat.
But when the man I loved
volunteered and delivered...
Why did you kill Danny?!
[  Chuckles ]  You know, it's, uh...
it's funny.
You're the second lady
cop in as many days
to stand there and
accuse me of said crime.
Funny.
Damn it. She's made.
They're gonna smoke her, Captain.
I'm not afraid of you anymore.
Where the hell did she get a gun?
Now admit to killing Danny,
or I will end you.
Look, I had nothing to do
with your boyfriend's murder.
For once in your miserable life,
own up to what you did!
I'm not lying! I don't believe you.
[Guns cock] -NYPD!
- Police!
Decker, look at me. I said look at me!
You can take him down,
just not like this.
You are not him.
Put the gun down.
As soon as you start telling the truth.
Come on, Captain. Do something.
Flanagan, start talking!
Okay. [Chuckles nervously]
Your boyfriend, uh,
has a set of balls on him.
I mean, he marches in here
and tells me to back down.
And you know what I do?
I say, "Sure, but you got to
do a little something for me."
Okay?
Now, your boy comes through,
we shake hands, and that's it.
Then who killed him?
I don't know who killed him.
Did he mention having
problems with anyone?
No. No, no. Look, um...
When he left,
this car started down the street.
Now, for a minute,
I thought maybe he was being tailed.
It was a... a dark Sedan.
Now, that's it. That's it. I swear.
What do you think?
He's telling the truth.
Stand down.
[Exhales]
[Laughs]
Well, look at that.
You are more like me than you know.
Hayley: You are a hot mess.
I take it that your talk with
Beckett last night went well?
Less of a discussion,
more of an Irish intervention.
So you just sat around drinking whiskey
and avoiding the subject.
Yes. But I can tell she's
still upset with me.
She left this morning without waking me.
So,
what do you plan on doing about that?
Nothing.
Well, that has to be the stupidest
thing I've heard all day.
I am holding onto the thin hope
that Beckett can find it
in her heart to forgive me.
Rick, come on. Stop moping about.
Go do something about it.
What? Have Beckett's memory wiped?
No.
We track down LokSat.
Our west-coast adventure yielded fruit.
We have a window of time in
which LokSat arrived in L.A.
If we scrub the identities
of everyone who landed
in any area airport
via public or private,
then sooner or later
we'll find our target.
I can start now. Say the word.
I'm not making any more decisions
concerning LokSat without Beckett.
Now that is the smartest
thing I've heard all day!
Ohh. [Gasps]
[Groans] I'm so sorry.
Okay, I'll get you more aspirin.
Beckett: You are not quitting.
I'm unfit to be a cop, Captain.
If you hadn't talked
me down back there...
I had every intention
of pulling that trigger.
But you didn't.
You regained your wits,
you made the right decision,
and that's what counts.
There was a point in my
career where I wanted to quit.
I lost faith that I became
a cop for the right reason.
How'd you get your faith back?
A man named Roy Montgomery helped me.
He was my Captain.
He didn't give up on me,
and I am not giving up on you.
So don't let your father
define who you are.
I have been trying to
outrun him my entire life.
I'm tired of running.
I'm gonna head back to the Academy,
clean out my room.
[Gun clicks]
Decker's quitting.
Well...
It's always disappointing.
It happens.
No, not to recruits like her.
Not on my watch.
[Gun cocks]
Ryan, check this out.
Flanagan was telling the truth.
Street cam caught this.
Dark sedan that was following
Bardot after he left Flanagan's.
Can't make out the driver, though.
But you can make out the plate.
Who's this registered to?
It's one of ours.
Issued to the Police Academy Motor Pool.
Oh, come on, Beckett.
Just because she's got good scores
doesn't mean she'll make a good cop.
I'd put her on the street
before any of the other
recruits I've met.
[Cellphone rings]
[Cellphone beeps]
Hey, Espo. What do you got?
Okay. Who's the car registered to?
Yeah. Thanks for the update.
Everything all right?
Put your weapon down. Now.
Have you lost your damn mind, Beckett?
What are you doing?
Damn it, Ortiz, don't make this
harder than it needs to be!
I know what you did.
Wait, you think I killed Bardot?
You suspected that Bardot
was working for Flanagan,
so you followed him.
And then when you found out he
was a mole, you took him out.
Where are you getting this?
We tracked your service vehicle.
I...
I haven't used that car for days.
I lent it to...
[Gunfire]
Come on! [Groans]
[Gunshots]
[Grunts]
[Panting]
Don't move. You okay?
So it was you, Malone?!
Why?
Why didn't you just turn
Bardot over to I.A.?
Malone: I couldn't!
Not after what he found!
Your office computer.
He found something
when he hacked into it.
Caught my hand in the cookie jar.
40 years I protected this city.
And the thanks I got...
Three busted marriages
and a mountain of debt!
I took what I was owed.
It doesn't have to end like this.
Actually, it does.
[Light switches click]
[Whispering] I'm gonna draw him away.
[Computer beeping]
[Normal voice] Just give up, Malone.
My detectives are onto you.
[Whirring]
Malone: No, they're onto Ortiz.
[Glass shattering]
[Hydraulics hiss]
[Gunshots]
[Hydraulics whirring, hissing]
Damn it.
[Air hisses]
Beckett: So,
what are you gonna do, Malone?
Kill me and stage it like Ortiz did it?
Say you shot him in self-defense?
[Whirring, hissing continues]
Good plan, huh?
Probably give me a medal.
[Gunshot]
Aah!
[Whirring, hissing]
Peek-a-boo. [Grunts]
[Malone grunts, body thuds]
[Siren chirps]
Sarge,
I thought we finally got rid of you.
Oh, it's gonna take more than a bullet
to put me down for the long dirt nap.
Esposito: Well, you best heal up quick.
Got a new batch of recruits
coming in a few weeks.
Ryan: All right, Sarge.
We'll get you out of here.
Medic. Thanks.
Yeah.
Beckett: Hey, how you holding up?
Well, we caught Danny's killer,
but Lucky Jack Flanagan's still free.
Yeah, well, his time will come.
Stay with the NYPD,
and you can help with that.
But you can't do this
if you go it alone.
Do you want to be a cop or not?
Yes.
[Knock on door]
I can't do this anymore. [Sighs]
Good. Neither can I.
Wait, what are you talking about?
What are  you talking about?
- I asked first.
- And I asked second.
So you should answer first,
and I'll answer second.
- Castle.
- O-Okay.
[Inhales deeply] I can't
sit on the sidelines anymore
where LokSat is concerned.
I... People have lost their lives.
And in a way, I am culpable.
And I know you are trying to protect me,
but I'm begging you not to.
I want in.
Good, because I need you in.
This is our fight now.
[Exhales deeply] Okay.
Okay,
then there's something you should know.
That mystery bullet wound
I got when I disappeared?
I was shot in Los Angeles.
Two hours before I took that bullet,
LokSat came to town, arriving by plane.
Uh, okay.
There are three major airports
along with dozens of private ones
in the Los Angeles area.
We're talking tens of
thousands of people.
But maybe Vikram can
whittle that number down.
We're looking for a needle
in a stack of needles,
but LokSat is one of those needles.
What do you say, Beckett?
It's a place to start.
No.
This is.
sync and corrected by ninh
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org